Hivemind - Main antagonist gamemode

The Hivemind is a Noospheric Entity that has taken control of several crewmembers. Members of the Hivemind are required to follow the orders of the Over Voice, similar to borgs and the AI. They have access to a special Telepathic channel, and are able to acquire special psionic abilities.

Requirements: 40 Pop, 25 Readied

4 Players are selected round start as part of the Hivemind.

 One is the Over Voice, which acts similarly to the AI, and is in command of the minions.

 Two are Queens, which have the Indoctrinate psionic ability at round start. It has a long do-over and requires close proximity to either an awake or asleep target, but converts the target into a Drone.

 The Last is a Drone, who starts with Create Foundation.


The ultimate goal of the Hivemind is to manifest the Over Voice by building 4 Monuments across the station. 
Monuments generate research points, increase Glimmer, and attract Noospheric entities. 
As more monuments are constructed, the Hivemind unlocks additional psionic abilities. 
Once all four Monuments are constructed, the Hive Mind is able to manifest an Incarnate Avatar, an unkillable highly powerful body.

While not inherently violent in goals, Monuments require highly valuable items to construct(Traitor Objectives/Infrastructure Related) and raise glimmer at uncontrollable rates. However, the psionic benefits of the Hivemind are beneficial enough, and the Hiveminds goals align with the Stations enough, that their relationship should not immediately devolve into violence. 
The ideal result is a slow conspiracy growing and accumulating power in secret, before their absence and drain on resources are noticed.

Roundstart Mindshielded crew are unable to roll Hivemind roles. If a member of the Hivemind is Mindbroken they are marked as Outcast. Outcast members can be converted again with a slower do-over rate, but are not able to gain psionic powers, becoming Lesser Drones.

Drones are able to choose between several psionic powers when they are converted and when Monuments are constructed.
0 Monuments: Telegnostic Projection, Regeneration, Create Foundation
1 Monuments: Dispel, Invisibility, Indoctrinate
2 Monuments: Body Swap, Noospheric Zap, 
3 Monuments: Mass Sleep, Pyrokinesis, Blink

The Over Voice has access to several powers, and unlocks more as Monuments are built in key areas. The abilities the Over Voice has access to are dependent on what key items were used in its construction.

HOS Emergency Orders:
Mysta Handheld Teleporter:
CMO Hypospray:
Ian's Prime Corgi Meat:
LO's Lucky Bill:
CE's Magboots:
Master Comms Encryption Key:
Champion's Belt: 
Psi-Breaker: 
AI-Upload Boad:
